So we decided to do a head to head battle between two leading AI transcription service providers, Speech Notes and Rev.
We'll be comparing them on accuracy, speed and price, as well as privacy, ease of use and translation options.
We used the exact same YouTube video for both services, providing a mix of clear and challenging audio elements.
Both sites accept uploading files as well as links to online recordings.
On both sites, we simply paste the link to the YouTube video.
Then we select the language and number of speakers and upload pricing.
Speech Notes is $0.10 a minute, while Rev is $0.25 a minute.
So Speech Notes is the big winner in the pricing category with less than half the price speed.
Speech Notes got the results ready within approximately a minute and 1/2, while the same task took Rev more than 3 minutes to finish.
So Speech Notes wins the speed category big time, bringing results twice as fast.
So far, Speech Notes is half the price and twice as fast.
But how is the accuracy?
Both services brought excellent results.
Perhaps Speech Notes was being just a bit more accurate in a few words, but since it's so close, it's fair to conclude both got the same score for accuracy.
Privacy is crucial, and both services declare similar high standards of privacy for their AI transcription service.
Finally, translation options.
Speech Notes is a world pioneer offering instant automatic translations to any language and to many languages at once from the transcription results you already got, while Rev does not have that feature at all.
To conclude, the ultimate winner of our transcription battle is Speech Notes.
Hands down bringing the best AI engines at half the price, ease of use and solid performance across the board, Speech Notes is the top choice for your transcription needs.
Try it out for free today and see the difference for yourself.